Day 1
Made basic login functionality
Working on supabase functionality
Done with basic supabase(user can login, sign up) and added some css
Added unfunctional dashboard

Day 2
Will do document uploading and AI topic extraction + convert to raw text. Some of this may carry over to the next day
I will be uploading my changes that 
1. convert it to raw text(supported for .docx, .pdf, and .txt)
2. extract its topic using openAI api key
3. store it in supabase table
This will be the second most important part of the project(I think)

Done uploading step 1(convert it to raw text)
Will work on step 2(extract its topic using openAI api key)

AHHHHHH finally got that all wrapped up its done!!!!

What to do in day 3: 
Chat section(Where you can actually learn some stuff)
Topics section - just add on, where you can see all your topics
Sources section - Add new sources for the ai to use

I think day 4 will be the settings page and some restyling, and day 5 will be deploying(on render, ofcourse!!!) after some final code checks and will make presentation

Day 3:
Starting to work on the topics page
Finally done with topics page - it took a bit more time than expected... will start new chat page(THE main thing)

Done with chat page - just need to add the context... more supabase tables.... I will upload my code after this is done! attaching SQL for message table right now
Damn i thot that would be done in 40 minutes..... looks like it was actually 2 hours.... I need to work on some web scraping for search the web now...😁

Commited my enhanced prompt!

Day 4:

I will work on the web search and, a very helpful and i think unique feature, using an llm to convert notes(images) into text!
Ill add link to deployed website here in a short while(Ill spend day 5 in css and fixing those stupid minor bugs)
Added the link! Go check it out(The website is not fully complete, PLEASE DO NOT OVERUSE BECAUSE IT COSTS MONEY for the openAI API key!
Ive added the convert the notes to raw text!!(png, jpg, jpeg). WARNING: .pdf files are actually not working... do not test them right now. .docx and .txt work.
damnn i think there are possibilities of xss injections(with the local storage, access token is vunerable)

Day 5:
Need to do a lot of work today(UI revamp, settings, add sources, prompt correciton, those stupid minor bugs)😩 ill sleep late
O ya and update the readme file with a good description. Ill make it solve my math homework
Also need to use that chat_id thing to store chats loll i dont think i will be able to do everythoing
-----IMPORTANT-------
Do not use website right now. table is bieng changed a bit, so you might face issues sorry
So like in a hour or so I will post my code. only prompt correciton, add sources those stupid minor bugs left. UI is great now. When i will put it here and deploy it will look good u will see
